Title: Apple opposes ex-ante regulations, similar to Digital Markets Act, in India
Description: Ex-ante regulations aim to prevent anti-competitive conduct from occurring, as opposed to the current ex-post framework under the Competition Act, 2002.
The post Apple opposes ex-ante regulations, similar to Digital Markets Act, in India appeared first on Med…
Content: Apple, in its suggestions to the Committee on Digital Competition Law (CDCL), has said it is opposed to ex-ante regulations in India modelled after the Digital Markets Act (DMA), the EUs new competit… [+4778 chars]
Title: User-Generated Vs. AI-Generated Content: Allies Or Enemies?
Description: Can these two types of content creation exist harmoniously together?
Content: Sebastien is the VP Sales North America of Wedia, a provider of an Enterprise Digital Asset Management (DAM) solution.
getty
Content creationa pillar of business development effortshas many forms n… [+5781 chars]
Title: Apple enters the AI race after acquiring Canadian startup DarwinAI
Description: Well, well, well: look what the cat dragged in! It’s Apple, now joining the AI party!
Content: Well, well, well: look what the cat dragged in! Its Apple, now joining the AI party!Bloombergs always-ahead-of-the-rest Mark Gurman says that Apple has recently acquired the Canadian artificial intel… [+2560 chars]
Title: Rebecca Minkoff’s Office Has the Good Snacks
Description: Rebecca Minkoff is known for her Morning-After Bag — and the killer snack game at her office. ‘We do a hefty Wegmans delivery,’ she says in this week’s Grub Street Diet.
Content: Rebecca Minkoff is thinking about spring, which is to say spring of 2025, the season her design team is focused on. Theyre also making 20th-anniversary plans for Minkoffs eponymous fashion line. Were… [+11441 chars]
Title: If You Love Pears And Blue Cheese, Make This Easy Tart.
Description: This tart is inspired by the classic combination of sliced ripe pears, blue cheese and walnuts. It is crunchy and buttery with a luscious interior and eats like a treat!
Content: A Pear, Blue Cheese and Walnut Tart served with a green salad is an easy and elegant meal that works ... [+] any time of the day and always feels like a treat.
Elizabeth Karmel
If you dont have a b… [+7087 chars]
Title: How GPTs let you use AI any way you want to
Description: OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever describes the system that powers the company’s AI chatbot ChatGPT as a “digital brain.” Artificial intelligence was modeled after human intelligence after all.Read more...
Content: OpenAI chief scientist Ilya Sutskever describes the system that powers the companys AI chatbot ChatGPT as a digital brain. Artificial intelligence was modeled after human intelligence after all.
Cha… [+4274 chars]
Title: Orange Cream Yogurt Fruit Salad Recipe
Description: Today’s recipe is the perfect side dish that you can enjoy year round! Most of the fruits used in this recipe are available any time of year because they are canned fruits, but you can also add in your favorite seasonal fruits – basically anything goes! This …
Content: Orange Cream Yogurt Fruit Salad is made with yogurt, orange juice concentrate, pudding mix, and your favorite fruits. This creamy fruit salad takes only minutes to mix together and will be an instant… [+5505 chars]
Title: Uniben Students Rock Leaves As Outfits for Costume Day, Netizens React: "Dem Dey Go Garden of Eden"
Description: Two students of Uniben adorned leaves as attire for their school's costume day, and it got many talking. Some people said they gave off Adam and Eve vibes.
Content: <ul><li>Some students of the University of Benin, Edo state, were spotted adorning leaves for their costume day</li><li>The guy wore leaves around his waist, while the lady used the leaves to cover h… [+2939 chars]
Title: ‘Apples Never Fall’ Finale, Explained: A Ridiculously Bad Twist Ending
Description: Photo Illustration by Luis G. Rendon/The Daily Beast/Peacock
If you stuck it out through seven hours of Peacock’s limited series Apples Never Fall just to be disappointed by an anticlimactic ending, you’re not alone. I’m working on forming a few different su…
Content: If you stuck it out through seven hours of Peacocks limited series Apples Never Fall just to be disappointed by an anticlimactic ending, youre not alone. Im working on forming a few different support… [+8629 chars]
Title: Once-celebrated P.E.I. apple orchard faces no sanctions despite foreign worker abuse claims
Description: An apple orchard company that once had political stars promoting that it would transform agriculture on Prince Edward Island has been mired in allegations of worker abuse. Following years of complaints and a Canadian Border Service Agency investigation, the c…
Content: When it broke ground on Prince Edward Island in 2014, Canadian Nectar Products had former high-profile politicians pitching a company with the potential to bring jobs and people to the small province… [+11873 chars]
Title: Microsoft Teams to introduce intelligent message translation in chats
Description: Microsoft has announced a new feature for Microsoft Teams that will provide intelligent message translation within chats. This functionality can improve communication by helping users understand messages in different languages. When a user receives a message …
Content: Microsoft has announced a new feature for Microsoft Teams that will provide intelligent message translation within chats. This functionality can improve communication by helping users understand mess… [+1002 chars]
Title: Spotify drags Apple to the EU for failing to comply despite the 1.84 billion euros fine
Description: In a landmark move, Spotify has taken Apple to task in the European Union over alleged anticompetitive practices, despite Apple being hit with a hefty ...
The post Spotify drags Apple to the EU for failing to comply despite the 1.84 billion euros fine appeare…
Content: In a landmark move, Spotify has taken Apple to task in the European Union over alleged anticompetitive practices, despite Apple being hit with a hefty 1.84 billion euro fine. This legal saga has brou… [+4548 chars]
Title: How to make tanghulu: Expert offers tips on making the viral candied fruit
Description: Tanghulu is a viral dessert comprised of a skewer filled with candied fruit. An expert offers her tips on making the sugary treat at home.
Content: The candied fruit snack called tanghulu has become a sugary treat that many people have grown interested in trying. 
Tanghulu has a long history but has recently seen a significant boost in populari… [+3723 chars]
Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]
Content: [Removed]
Title: Trailer för Empire of the Ants
Description: Strategispel med myror










Empire of the Ants är ett kommande strategispel där allt fokus ligger på myror. Spelet är baserat på Bernard Werbers roman med samma namn. Utvecklaren Microids skriver om spelupplägget:

"Immerse yourself in the heart of an ec…
Content: +
Läs artiklar före alla andra
Kommentera före alla andra
Välj periodJu längre period, desto bättre pris. Du bestämmer! 
Månad
39 kr/mån
Kvartal
33 kr/mån
År
25 kr/mån
Välj hur du vill beta… [+40751 chars]
Title: Family values in Cognac and Armagnac
Description: hristophe Fillioux and his father Pascal in the cellars of Cognac Jean Fillioux's La Pouyade estate near Juillac-le-Coq

Richard Woodard on the smaller producers of the regions...
The post Family values in Cognac and Armagnac appeared first on Decanter.
Content: The great houses of Cognac and Armagnac are rooted in family names from the arrival in the Charente of Jersey native Jean Martell in 1715, to the decision nine years later by local wine-grower Remy M… [+10346 chars]
Title: Your whole repo fits in the context window
Description: The home team discusses the challenges (hardware and otherwise) of building AI models at scale, why major players like Meta are open-sourcing their AI projects, what Apple’s recent changes mean for developers in the EU, and Perplexity AI’s new approach to sea…
Content: March 15, 2024The home team discusses the challenges (hardware and otherwise) of building AI models at scale, why major players like Meta are open-sourcing their AI projects, what Apples recent chang… [+102 chars]
Title: Apple acquires AI startup specializing in overlooking manufacturing components
Description: Apple has added another AI startup to its acquisition list with Canada-based DarwinAI, which specializes in vision-based tech to observe components during manufacturing to improve efficiency, Bloomberg reported. While Apple or DarwinAI haven’t announced this …
Content: Apple has added another AI startup to its acquisition list with Canada-based DarwinAI, which specializes in vision-based tech to observe components during manufacturing to improve efficiency, Bloombe… [+320 chars]
Title: Apple buys Canadian start-up DarwinAI after falling behind Microsoft, Google in generative AI
Description: Apple buys Canadian start-up DarwinAI after falling behind Microsoft, Google in generative AI Apple has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence (AI) start-up DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024. The iPho…
Content: Apple buys Canadian start-up DarwinAI after falling behind Microsoft, Google in generative AIApple has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence (AI) start-up DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsen… [+295 chars]
Title: Best iPads For Kids in 2024
Description: These iPad models have a lot to offer families this year! Here are our recommended picks for 2024.
Content: Picking the best tablet for your kid is tricky. Whether it's going to be used for education or entertainment you want something reliable, intuitive, and especially, safe to use. Its no surprise that … [+12368 chars]
Title: 30 Pies, Costumes, and Math Jokes for Pi Day
Description: Did you manage to eat a pie today? It's Pi Day, the perfect day for it. Americans write March 14th as 3/14, so it's pi, the irrational number that gives us the circle, and it's also Albert Einstein's Birthday. Einstein features in some of the memes of the day…
Content: Did you manage to eat a pie today? It's Pi Day, the perfect day for it. Americans write March 14th as 3/14, so it's pi, the irrational number that gives us the circle, and it's also Albert Einstein's… [+853 chars]
Title: CSIRO hits back at Dutton's 'unfounded' criticism of research on nuclear costs
Description: The CSIRO has rebuked politicians seeking to undermine its research showing nuclear energy would be much more expensive than solar or wind power, after Liberal leader Peter Dutton claimed that research had been "discredited".
Content: <ul><li>In short: The CSIRO has made a rare intervention to defend its research against criticism from Opposition Leader Peter Dutton.</li><li>It follows Mr Dutton describing the CSIRO's research fin… [+3064 chars]
Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]
Content: [Removed]
Title: Report: Apple Acquired Canadian AI Startup DarwinAI
Description: Apple has reportedly acquired Canadian artificial intelligence (AI) startup DarwinAI, in a strategic move to strengthen its position in AI market. The acquisition occurred earlier this year but has not been officially announced, Bloomberg reported Thursday (M…
Content: Apple has reportedly acquired Canadian artificial intelligence (AI) startup DarwinAI, in a strategic move to strengthen its position in AI market.
The acquisition occurred earlier this year but has … [+2135 chars]
Title: Today’s ‘Wordle’ Hints And Clues For Friday, March 15th — Wordle #1000 Answer
Description: Hints, clues and commentary to help you solve today's Wordle and sharpen your guessing game.
Content: How to solve today's Wordle.
SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images
Weve reached the big day! The Ides of March are upon us, but unlike Caesar, we wont have to reckon with Brutus and all the othe… [+2509 chars]
Title: How To Hire a Fractional CMO
Description: How To Hire a Fractional CMO written by Tosin Jerugba read more at Duct Tape Marketing
Marketing Podcast with John Jantsch In this episode of the Duct Tape Marketing Podcast, I go solo and dive into the trend in the marketing consultancy agency world that is:…
Content: John (00:08): Hello and welcome to another episode of the Duct Tape Marketing Podcast. This is John Jantsch, and I'm doing a solo show. Just me, nobody else in the camera, right? All right, so I've b… [+17525 chars]
Title: Earnings call: Limbach Holdings reported a consolidated revenue of $142.7 million
Description: Earnings call: Limbach Holdings reported a consolidated revenue of $142.7 million
Content: Limbach Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LMB), a leader in building infrastructure solutions, reported a strong finish to fiscal year 2023 with significant growth in its Owner Direct Relationships (ODR) segment… [+32846 chars]
Title: Apple has acquired DarwinAI and their patented Explainable AI (XAI) platform that has been adopted by numerous Fortune 500 Companies
Description: Apple Inc. has acquired artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI from Waterloo Ontario, Canada, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.
Content: Apple Inc. has acquired artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI from Waterloo Ontario, Canada, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.
The iPhone maker purc… [+2102 chars]
Title: Report: Apple quietly acquired AI-powered quality assurance startup DarwinAI
Description: Apple Inc. has reportedly acquired DarwinAI Corp., a startup with a platform for finding manufacturing faults in printed circuit boards. Bloomberg reported the deal today, citing people familiar with the matter. The sources detailed that the acquisition close…
Content: Apple Inc. has reportedly acquired DarwinAI Corp., a startup with a platform for finding manufacturing faults in printed circuit boards.
Bloomberg reported the deal today, citing people familiar wit… [+3105 chars]
Title: Samsung Galaxy S24 vs. Apple iPhone 15 Pro
Description: Two small yet powerful smartphones. Two of the most popular handsets on the market. Two specimens from the world’s most famous mobile rivals. This is the Galaxy S24 versus the iPhone 15 Pro.

Table of Contents:

 Design
 Display
 Battery Life
 Charging
 Speak…
Content: Two small yet powerful smartphones. Two of the most popular handsets on the market. Two specimens from the worlds most famous mobile rivals. This is the Galaxy S24 versus the iPhone 15 Pro.
Table of… [+11469 chars]
Title: Where to Watch ‘Apples Never Fall’ Streaming Online
Description: Dysfunctional family dramas always set up for a great story, and that of the Delaneys in “Apples Never Fall” doesn’t disappoint. Adapted from Liane Moriarty’s latest best-selling novel by showrunner Melanie Marnich, the limited series centers on Annette Benin…
Content: Dysfunctional family dramas always set up for a great story, and that of the Delaneys in Apples Never Fall doesnt disappoint. Adapted from Liane Moriartys latest best-selling novel by showrunner Mela… [+309 chars]
Title: Where to Watch ‘Apples Never Fall’ Streaming Online
Description: For those curious about the latest television show adaptation of one of Liane Moriarty’s novels, we’ve gathered all of the details as to how to watch “Apples Never Fall.”
Content: Dysfunctional family dramas always set up for a great story, and that of the Delaneys in Apples Never Fall doesnt disappoint. Adapted from Liane Moriartys latest best-selling novel by showrunner Mela… [+2231 chars]
Title: 51 Things ‘American Riviera Orchard’ Isn’t
Description: ‘American Riviera Orchard’ is apparently the name of Meghan Markle’s new brand. But what other things could also be called ‘American Riviera Orchard’ but aren’t — at least not yet? Here are 51 possibilities.
Content: During an otherwise unexceptional week for the royal family and its satellite members, Meghan Markle has decided to hard-launch a new iteration of her lifestyle brand in a way that suggests she has t… [+4083 chars]
Title: Apple Purchases Canadian AI Company DarwinAI
Description: Apple has made a new acquisition as part of its artificial intelligence initiative, purchasing Canada-based AI company DarwinAI. The iPhone creator reportedly made the acquisition earlier this year, and now DarwinAI’s employees are joining Apple’s artificial …
Content: Apple has made a new acquisition as part of its artificial intelligence initiative, purchasing Canada-based AI company DarwinAI. The iPhone creator reportedly made the acquisition earlier this year, … [+289 chars]
Title: What Is Your Country’s National Dish?
Description: In today’s lesson, we will explore how to talk about foods. We will learn about the structures and words commonly used to talk about popular dishes.
Content: Consider a time when you sat down to share a dish with family or friends. What was the dish? Is the dish special in your country or area?
In todays lesson, we will explore how to talk about foods. W… [+3559 chars]
Title: How Liane Moriarty turns 'banal' details of family life into bestselling thrillers
Description: Liane Moriarty speaks about her new book "Apples Never Fall," her past star-studded adaptations, her writing inspiration, her sisters and more.
Content: Like Charles Dickens, Liane Moriarty began her writing career charging by the installment. Unlike Dickens, who got his salary from newspapers, Moriarty's came from her dad.
Growing up in Australia, … [+6496 chars]
Title: What Should Museums Pay Artists For Participating In A Biennial?
Description: These days, payment for inclusion in a biennial or group show at a US museum tends to range from $500 to $3,000, according to the artists and museums I surveyed.  – The Art Newspaper
Content: While having dinner with a group of artists recently, I said something that made the entire table go silent: The Whitney gave artists a fee of $1,500 each to participate in the 2019 biennial. This wa… [+6408 chars]
Title: 3296 - Exposing The Rot In Police Training; Is The Internet Dying? w/ Samantha Simon, Ed Zitron (M)
Description: FUN HALF LINK HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu64-OuHvpI&ab_channel=TheMajorityReportw%2FSamSeder It's another EmMajority Report Thursday! Emma is BACK from vacation! She speaks with Samantha J. Simon, Assistant Professor in the School of Sociology and…
Content: FUN HALF LINK HERE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu64-OuHvpI&amp;ab_channel=TheMajorityReportw%2FSamSeder
It's another EmMajority Report Thursday! Emma is BACK from vacation! She speaks with Sama… [+5437 chars]
Title: 'MadWorld' Mobile NFT Shooter Launches in Early Access as Studio Raises $13 Million
Description: Carbonated Inc. reveals backing by Andreessen Horowitz and Com2uS as its iOS and Android game MadWorld begins testing.
Content: MadWorld, a post-apocalyptic shooter game for iOS and Android, opened up registration for its early access playtest on Thursday, giving players an opportunity to test out its NFT-based territory cont… [+3593 chars]
Title: US offers massive loan to shore up lithium supply
Description: Stories you may have missed from the world of business.
Content: The Energy Department is moving forward on a deal to provide a $2.3 billion loan to Lithium Americas Corp. in an effort to shore up domestic supplies of a mineral vital for the production of electric… [+4314 chars]
Title: AI designed this insane $326,700 iPhone case
Description: Exotic alligator and crocodile leather. Diamonds. 18 karet gold. What more do you want from an AI-designed iPhone case?!?
(via Cult of Mac - Apple news, rumors, reviews and how-tos)
Content: A new iPhone case designed by an AI that apparently doesnt grasp the value of the dollar will set you back a cool $326,700. The uber-exclusive case for iPhone 15 Pro and Pro Max models, from French l… [+2630 chars]
Title: Techtool Pro 19.0.2 Build 8972
Description: TechTool Pro has long been one of the foremost utilities for keeping your Mac running smoothly and efficiently. With the release of this version, it has become more proficient than ever. Main features: TechTool Protection – TechTool Pro includes the option of…
Content: TechTool Pro has long been one of the foremost utilities for keeping your Mac running smoothly and efficiently. With the release of this version, it has become more proficient than ever. 
Main featu… [+4453 chars]
Title: Techtool Pro 19.0.2 Build 8972
Description: TechTool Pro has long been one of the foremost utilities for keeping your Mac running smoothly and efficiently. With the release of this version, it has become more proficient than ever. Main features: TechTool Protection – TechTool Pro includes the option of…
Content: TechTool Pro has long been one of the foremost utilities for keeping your Mac running smoothly and efficiently. With the release of this version, it has become more proficient than ever. 
Main featu… [+4453 chars]
Title: Report: Apple's latest acquisition shows an AI push isn't far off
Description: Fast Facts Apple’s quiet acquisition of a tech startup with an AI focus shows it’s ramping up efforts in this tech sector. Tim Cook previously noted the “incredible breakthrough potential for generative AI,” and confirmed the company was working on the tech. …
Content: Fast FactsApples quiet acquisition of a tech startup with an AI focus shows its ramping up efforts in this tech sector.Tim Cook previously noted the incredible breakthrough potential for generative A… [+278 chars]
Title: Apple Canada Refurbished M3 iMac Now Available
Description: Apple Canada launched refurbished M3 iMac desktops in its online store for the first time, made available on Monday (via MacRumors). The M3 iMac launched last October and refurbished units are now in Canada, after debuting in the U.S. back in February. M3 Chi…
Content: Apple Canada launched refurbished M3 iMac desktops in its online store for the first time, made available on Monday (via MacRumors).
The M3 iMac launched last October and refurbished units are now i… [+1389 chars]
Title: Apple buys Canadian AI startup DarwinAI
Description: Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian AI startup DarwinAI ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024. Find out more.
Content: Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.
The iPhone maker purchased the business ea… [+2743 chars]
Title: Apple acquires AI startup to help create its own version of Gemini Nano
Description: Apple acquires AI startup DarwinAI in a move that's potentially aiming strengthen its on-device AI capabilities
Content: <ul><li>Apple acquired Canadian AI startup DarwinAI, which specializes in creating smaller and faster AI systems.</li><li>This move could be a step towards building on-device AI capabilities for upco… [+1981 chars]
Title: ‘Apples Never Fall’ Creator Wanted to ‘Offer Alternate Suspects’ Nonstop in Thriller Series
Description: "There was a really fun narrative sleight of hand that had to keep working at all times to keep that lens of suspicion moving," Melanie Marnich tells IndieWire.
Content: What really happened to Joy Delaney? 
Peacock mystery series “Apples Never Fall” centers on the disappearance of Joy Delaney (Annette Bening) as all signs seem to point to her husband Stan (Sam Neil… [+4398 chars]
Title: Spotify says its iPhone app updates in the EU are getting held up by Apple
Description: Spotify hasn’t been able to update its iPhone app in the European Union because Apple hasn’t responded to an update adding subscription pricing information.
Content: Spotify says its iPhone app updates in the EU are getting held up by Apple
Spotify says its iPhone app updates in the EU are getting held up by Apple
 / Apple still hasnt responded to Spotifys app … [+3295 chars]
Title: “Apples Never Fall” Wants To Be “Big Little Lies” but Has Bad Little Writing
Description: When watching Apples Never Fall, the new Peacock series based on a novel by Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty, I kept thinking about the woman who put $50,000 in a shoebox and handed it to her scammers.
The post “Apples Never Fall” Wants To Be “Big Little…
Content: The following review of Apples Never Fall contains mild spoilers.
When watching Apples Never Fall, the new Peacock series based on a novel by Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty, I kept thinking a… [+8388 chars]
Title: FCC cracks down on cable TV ‘junk fees’ | CNN Business
Description: Tens of millions of Americans still don’t have access to high-speed home internet, the Federal Communications Commission said Thursday in a new report highlighting the digital divide.
Content: The US government is cracking down on cable TV junk fees, forcing providers to publish a single, comprehensive price so consumers know up front exactly how much theyll pay for services inclusive of a… [+7754 chars]
Title: Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Apples Never Fall’ On Peacock, Where Sibling Reexamine Their Parents’ Relationship When Their Mother Disappears
Description: Annette Bening, Sam Neil, Alison Brie and Jake Lacy star in this adaptation of Liane Moriarty's novel.
Content: Apples Never Fall (now streaming on Peacock) has a lot of big stars in it, but just because it has a lot of great actors doesn’t mean it’s a great show. However, one of those great actors manages to … [+8122 chars]
Title: Critics Have Seen Apples Never Fall, And They Have Mixed Opinions About Annette Bening’s Mystery Miniseries
Description: See what critics are saying about Peacock's Apples Never Fall, the latest Liane Moriarty adaptation starring Annette Bening.
Content: Liane Moriarty’s novels have served as the inspiration for some successful TV adaptations, with Big Little Lies and Nine Perfect Strangers. Now her fans are being treated to a new series from her lat… [+6389 chars]
Title: What to watch: Kristen Stewart sizzles in wild ‘Love Lies Bleeding’
Description: And San Jose rising star Conor Sherry is terrific in summer comedy 'Snack Shack.'
Content: If youre looking for a sweet romance bookended in tender, cuddly moments, better run far away from Love Lies Bleeding.
But we liked its daring wild-at-heart, R-rated ways. We also fell for the R-rat… [+9406 chars]
Title: Apple acquires fundamental AI smarts by buying DarwinAI
Description: Apple acquires DarwinAI, a startup, to boost its AI capabilities. Find out how this acquisition could impact iPhone's AI systems.
(via Cult of Mac - Apple news, rumors, reviews and how-tos)
Content: Apple reportedly purchased DarwinAI, a small startup previously based in Waterloo, Ontario. The company developed software that might make artificial intelligence systems running on an iPhone or othe… [+1741 chars]
Title: ‘Apples Never Fall’ author Liane Moriarty on the book to show differences
Description: What are the differences between the book and TV show Apples Never Fall? Read on for plot spoilers about the book and how the two compare.
Content: Warning: This post contains spoilers for "Apples Never Fall."
By now, bestselling author Liane Moriarty expects differences on the journey from book to screen. 
The author of mega-hits like "Big Li… [+6891 chars]
Title: Apple bought AI startup Darwin AI
Description: Right now, some of the biggest companies in the world are releasing their ambitious AI products. This includes Google, Microsoft, and Meta. However, one company is missing from all the actions, and that is Apple. This won’t be the case for long, as it is gett…
Content: Right now, some of the biggest companies in the world are releasing their ambitious AI products. This includes Google, Microsoft, and Meta. However, one company is missing from all the actions, and t… [+1780 chars]
Title: Apple quietly purchased an AI startup this year
Description: Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024. The iPhone maker purchased the business earlier this year, and dozens of DarwinAI’s employees have join…
Content: Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.The iPhone maker purchased the business earl… [+298 chars]
Title: Apple is adding to its arsenal of AI startups with a little-known Canadian firm
Description: Apple has added another artificial intelligence firm to its portfolio as it furthers its push forward with AI technology.Read more...
Content: Apple has added another artificial intelligence firm to its portfolio as it furthers its push forward with AI technology.
The iPhone and Macbook maker acquired DarwinAI, a Waterloo, Ontario-based AI… [+1784 chars]
Title: Apple quietly purchased an AI startup this year—and we might see the first fruits of that purchase in this year's big iPhone software release
Description: Apple is adding features to its iOS 18 software that rely on generative AI, the technology behind ChatGPT and other groundbreaking tools.
Content: Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.The iPhone maker purchased the business earl… [+2427 chars]
Title: Apple Acquires Canadian AI Startup Based in Waterloo
Description: Apple continues to build up its artificial intelligence portfolio, as according to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, the iPhone maker has acquired a Canadian AI startup. Waterloo, Ontario-based DarwinAI was gobbled up by Apple earlier this year, say sources, with empl…
Content: Apple continues to build up its artificial intelligence portfolio, as according to Bloombergs Mark Gurman, the iPhone maker has acquired a Canadian AI startup.
Waterloo, Ontario-based DarwinAI was g… [+1968 chars]
Title: Middle Schoolers Criminally Charged for Online Slave Auction
Description: Photo Illustration by The Daily Beast/Southwick-Tolland-Granville Regional School District
A Massachusetts district attorney has announced that criminal charges have been filed against middle-school students for racially bullying Black classmates in an onlin…
Content: A Massachusetts district attorney has announced that criminal charges have been filed against middle-school students for racially bullying Black classmates in an online mock slave auction.
At a pres… [+6543 chars]
Title: Retirement Planning in your 20s, 30s and 40s
Description: Answering a handful of questions about retirement planning at various stages of life.
The post Retirement Planning in your 20s, 30s and 40s appeared first on A Wealth of Common Sense.
...
Content: This past week, I received three questions about retirement, all of which concern long-term planning at different stages of life.
A reader asks:
Chatting with the friends, we all seemed to be relat… [+6247 chars]
Title: After Jurassic World Sequel Announcement, Could Sam Neill Return To The Dinosaur Franchise Again? Here’s What He Said
Description: Sam Neill returned for the last Jurassic World film, so is he ready for the next one?
Content: Life, finds a way, and so do Jurassic Park sequels, some of which are ranked in the best sci-fi movies of all time. Following a second successful trilogy that made billions at the global box office, … [+2373 chars]
Title: Apple’s latest DMA changes, new iPad Pro details, Apple AI ads platform
Description: Benjamin and Chance analyze the latest round of Apple’s changes to appease the EU, get hyped for the impending 2024 iPad Pro features, and news that Apple is testing an AI platform for advertising.



Apple Arcade is the topic in Happy Hour Plus, as we discus…
Content: Benjamin and Chance analyze the latest round of Apples changes to appease the EU, get hyped for the impending 2024 iPad Pro features, and news that Apple is testing an AI platform for advertising.
A… [+671 chars]
Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]
Content: [Removed]
Title: ‘Apples Never Fall’ Review: Another Middling Mystery Melodrama
Description: This new family mystery doesn't bring much excitement to the table.
Content: Sam Neill as Stan and Annette Bening as Joy in Apples Never Fall. Jasin Boland/PEACOCK
Just about halfway through Apples Never Fall the dysfunctional family at the center of the series gets describe… [+4474 chars]
Title: Apple acquires DarwinAI startup amid generative AI scramble
Description: Apple, scrambling to catch up in generative AI in 2024, has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI …
The post Apple acquires DarwinAI startup amid generative AI scramble appeared first on MacDailyNews.
Content: Apple, scrambling to catch up in generative AI in 2024, has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI.
Mark Gurman for Bloomberg News:
The iPhone maker purchased the business earli… [+1487 chars]
Title: Wild Black Panther caper inspires Apple TV+ series The Big Cigar
Description: Black Panther leader Huey P. Newton's escape from the FBI went seriously awry, a first look at "The Big Cigar" on Apple TV+ shows.
(via Cult of Mac - Apple news, rumors, reviews and how-tos)
Content: Apple TV+ unveiled a first look Thursday at The Big Cigar, an upcoming limited drama series starring André Holland as Black Panther leader Huey P. Newton. The show traces his wild escape from the FBI… [+3152 chars]
Title: Apple acquires DarwinAI startup ahead of iOS 18’s AI push
Description: Apple has acquired DarwinAI, an artificial intelligence startup focused on making AI systems smaller and faster, according to a new report from Bloomberg. As part of the acquisition, Apple has added dozens of DarwinAI employees to its own AI team following th…
Content: Apple has acquired DarwinAI, an artificial intelligence startup focused on making AI systems smaller and faster, according to a new report from Bloomberg. As part of the acquisition, Apple has added … [+1634 chars]
Title: 9to5Mac Daily: March 14, 2024 – Potential TikTok ban, Apple Sports update
Description: Listen to a recap of the top stories of the day from 9to5Mac. 9to5Mac Daily is available on iTunes and Apple’s Podcasts app, Stitcher, TuneIn, Google Play, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players.



Introducing 9to5Mac Daily …
Content: Listen to a recap of the top stories of the day from 9to5Mac. 9to5Mac Daily is available on iTunes and Apples Podcasts app, Stitcher, TuneIn, Google Play, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overca… [+1129 chars]
Title: Apple Buys Canadian AI Startup as Part of Race to Add Features
Description: (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into...
Content: (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. has acquired Canadian artificial intelligence startup DarwinAI, adding technology to its arsenal ahead of a big push into generative AI in 2024.
Most Read from Bloomberg
T… [+2527 chars]
Title: Admins see snags as macOS Sonoma 14.4 hits Macs
Description: There appear to be a couple of snags in the latest iteration of macOS Sonoma that are upsetting to Apple admins: Some USB hubs are no longer recognized by the Mac and a popular command tool used to restart services on remote Apple devices is no longer support…
Content: There appear to be a couple of snags in the latest iteration of macOS Sonoma that are upsetting to Apple admins: Some USB hubs are no longer recognized by the Mac and a popular command tool used to r… [+3761 chars]
Title: Annette Bening and Sam Neill Peel Back Complicated ‘Apples Never Fall’ Layers of the Delaney Parents
Description: At the core of Peacock’s “Apples Never Fall” sits a family that seems alright on the surface. However, their buried secrets, resentment and other emotions bubble beneath, needing only so much to set them off. “Nyad” actress Annette Bening anchors the dysfunct…
Content: At the core of Peacocks Apples Never Fall sits a family that seems alright on the surface. However, their buried secrets, resentment and other emotions bubble beneath, needing only so much to set the… [+293 chars]
Title: NVIDIA – Do We Need A Killer App?
Description: NVIDIA's self-conscious path to market hegemony. How Jensen Huang is seeking to prolong the company's time at the top and how he learned from the dot com crash.
Content: I didnt want to write about NVIDIANVDA
DIA
. I subscribe to the widely-shared idea that if we are in a bubble, this is the most self-aware bubble in history: everything that could have said about A… [+6154 chars]
Title: Apples Never Fall Season 1 Streaming: Watch & Stream Online via Peacock
Description: Apples Never Fall Season 1 is a well-crafted and engrossing American mystery-thriller-drama series. The series revolves around the disappearance of Joy Delaney leaving several unanswered questions for the family. The series is adapted and based on Liane Moria…
Content: Apples Never Fall Season 1 is a well-crafted and engrossing American mystery-thriller-drama series. The series revolves around the disappearance of Joy Delaney leaving several unanswered questions fo… [+2884 chars]
Title: Hazardous Food Preservation Methods
Description: [This Day] The food we consume and export should meet the required standards
Content: The food we consume and export should meet the required standards
At a recent event convened by the Policy Innovation Centre (PIC) of the Nigerian Economic Summit Group (NESG) in Abuja, experts agre… [+4192 chars]
Title: Annette Bening and Sam Neill Peel Back Complicated ‘Apples Never Fall’ Layers of the Delaney Parents | Video
Description: "He's a flawed human being, but some of his flaws are worse than others, and the short temper doesn't help," Neill tells TheWrap
The post Annette Bening and Sam Neill Peel Back Complicated ‘Apples Never Fall’ Layers of the Delaney Parents | Video appeared fir…
Content: At the core of Peacocks Apples Never Fall sits a family that seems alright on the surface. However, their buried secrets, resentment and other emotions bubble beneath, needing only so much to set the… [+3280 chars]
Title: Sam Neill Thinks ‘Jurassic World: Dominion’ Was A Goodbye & Says He’s Open To More ‘Thor ‘Cameos
Description: Peacock’s new family mystery thriller “Apples Never Fall” premieres this week on the streaming service, and it’s yet another adaptation of popular writer Liane Moriarty’s melodramatic works; her famous books are known as the source material for “Big Little Li…
Content: Peacocks new family mystery thriller Apples Never Fall premieres this week on the streaming service, and its yet another adaptation of popular writer Liane Moriartys melodramatic works; her famous bo… [+2598 chars]
Title: You can score Apple innovation for less with this like-new MacBook Air, now under $350
Description: How about these Apples?
Content: Discover startups, services, products and more from our partner StackCommerce. New York Post may be compensated and/or receive an affiliate commission if you buy through our links.
TL;DR: If you’ve … [+2122 chars]
Title: Coming Home
Description: Blue Bee’s new owners debut the cidery’s fresh digs.
Content: When Taylor Benson and Mackenzie Smith first started working at Blue Bee Cider, it was a weekend gig during college, with those early days spent hand labeling thousands of bottles of cider and helpin… [+5296 chars]
Title: Facts about hail, the icy precipitation often encountered in spring and summer
Description: Intense storms swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday and brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes, and what some described as "gorilla hail."
Content: This article has been reviewed according to Science X's 
editorial process
and policies.
Editors have highlighted
the following attributes while ensuring the content's credibility:
fact-checked… [+2431 chars]
Title: Vinegar and baking soda: A cleaning hack or just a bunch of fizz?
Description: Vinegar and baking soda are staples in the kitchen. Many of us have combined them in childhood scientific experiments: think fizzy volcanoes and geysers.
Content: This article has been reviewed according to Science X's 
editorial process
and policies.
Editors have highlighted
the following attributes while ensuring the content's credibility:
fact-checked… [+5151 chars]
Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]
Content: [Removed]
Title: Google Reveals New Password Security Surprise For IPhone Users
Description: Google has just made using passwords on an iPhone a whole lot safer, but there is a catch.
Content: Google has just upgraded password security for iPhone users - but there's a catch.
NurPhoto via Getty Images
Google has issued a surprise revelation that it is upgrading your security protectionif … [+3380 chars]
Title: The latest Prince of Persia, Returnal, and other PS hits are up to 50 percent off
Description: Sony is discounting plenty of games as part of its Essential Picks event, including Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown. The Galaxy Tab S9 and Jabra Elite 8 Active are also on sale.
Content: The latest Prince of Persia, Returnal, and other PS hits are up to 50 percent off
The latest Prince of Persia, Returnal, and other PS hits are up to 50 percent off
 / Jabras Elite 8 Active earbuds … [+4501 chars]
Title: Facts about hail, the icy precipitation often encountered in spring and summer
Description: Intense storms that swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes — and what some described as “gorilla hail.”
Content: Intense storms swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday and brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes, and what some described as gorilla hail.
In Kansas, hail nearly the size of a softball a… [+2106 chars]
Title: Facts about hail, the icy precipitation often encountered in spring and summer
Description: Intense storms that swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes — and what some described as “gorilla hail.”
Content: Intense storms swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday and brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes, and what some described as gorilla hail.
In Kansas, hail nearly the size of a softball a… [+2106 chars]
Title: Sonos Move 2 with AirPlay 2 sees first discount to $359, M1 iMac from $850, M3 MacBooks, more
Description: The very first discount on one of our favorite smart speakers around is here to headline today’s best deals. Complete with AirPlay 2, the new Sonos Move 2 portable speaker drops to $359 and comes joined by chances to save on Apple’s new 13- and 15-inch M3 Mac…
Content: The very first discount on one of our favorite smart speakers around is here to headline today’s best deals. Complete with AirPlay 2, the new Sonos Move 2 portable speaker drops to $359 and comes joi… [+3941 chars]
Title: Minnie Driver’s advice to herself after Matt Damon broke her heart? ‘Celebrate’
Description: How do you like them apples?
Content: How do you like them apples? 
Minnie Driver revealed what she would tell her 25-year-old self after her very public split from Matt Damon in 1998. 
“It’ll be fine,” she said during an appearance on… [+5011 chars]
Title: Facts about hail, the icy precipitation often encountered in spring and summer
Description: Intense storms swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday and brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes, and what some described as ''gorilla hail.''
Content: Nation600351051 Intense storms swept through Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday and brought whipping winds, possible tornadoes, and what some described as ''gorilla hail.'' 
By ISABELLA O'MALLEY
 Ass… [+2479 chars]
Title: 'Out and out lie': Rand Paul spars with Fox & Friends over TikTok ban
Description: Things got heated between Fox News host Brian Kilmeade and Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) during a segment on Fox & Friends this Thursday as the two discussed the potential ban of the social media platform TikTok in the United States and whether or not the app is cont…
Content: The popular video social media app had 149 million users in the U.S. as of January 2024. Many of them contacted Congress to protest the possibility of a ban.
The bills fate in the Senate is unclear.… [+7484 chars]
Title: New Peacock Drama Is About A Family of Sour 'Apples'
Description: In Peacock’s “Apples Never Fall,” a family of six relates tensely to each other, each harboring secrets from their pasts and in the present day. In this show, barely any screen time is devoted to any pretense that the members of this family have loving feelin…
Content: In Peacocks Apples Never Fall, a family of six relates tensely to each other, each harboring secrets from their pasts and in the present day.In this show, barely any screen time is devoted to any pre… [+318 chars]
Title: Journey’s ‘cruelty-free’ vegan leather iPhone cases with metal buttons now at $24 (20% off)
Description: After their initial debut shortly after the iPhone 15 hit the stage at Apple Park for the first time, Journey’s vegan leather iPhone cases have been going in and out of stock. However, they are now back for all of Apple’s latest iPhone 15 models (as well as p…
Content: After their initial debut shortly after the iPhone 15 hit the stage at Apple Park for the first time, Journeys vegan leather iPhone cases have been going in and out of stock. However, they are now ba… [+1696 chars]
Title: Should governments ban TikTok? Can they?
Description: A cybersecurity expert explains the risks the app poses and the challenges to blocking it.
Content: The U.S. House of Representatives voted 352-65 on March 13, 2024, to require TikToks parent company, China-based ByteDance, to sell the app or face a nationwide ban on TikTok. President Joe Biden sai… [+7398 chars]
Title: Apple’s most powerful laptop gets $250 off
Description: Apple's powerful M3 Max MacBook Pro with 16-inch display is available with a sweet $250 discount on Amazon.
(via Cult of Mac - Apple news, rumors, reviews and how-tos)
Content: Want a laptop that can easily handle your demanding video editing or data processing workflow? The 16-inch MacBookPro with M3 Max should be your top choice.
Find the laptops $3,499 price tag steep? … [+1827 chars]
Title: Apple’s Vision Pro Trademark Headache in China Isn’t Going Anywhere
Description: Apple’s first mixed-reality headset has been out for a while now. Soon after its US-only release, the Vision Pro set the sales chart on fire. And the Cupertino giant is gearing up to make the device available in more countries. 



However, with Huawei having…
Content: Apples first mixed-reality headset has been out for a while now. Soon after its US-only release, the Vision Pro set the sales chart on fire. And the Cupertino giant is gearing up to make the device a… [+1624 chars]
Title: ‘The Big Cigar’: Premiere Date & First Look At André Holland As Black Panther Leader Huey P. Newton In Apple Limited Series
Description: First look at André Holland as Huey P. Newton in Apple Series 'The Big Cigar' We’re getting the first look at André Holland as Black Panther leader Huey P. Newton in Apple’s upcoming limited series The Big Cigar (See photo above). The six-episode limited dram…
Content: First look at André Holland as Huey P. Newton in Apple Series 'The Big Cigar'Were getting the first look at André Holland as Black Panther leader Huey P. Newton in Apples upcoming limited series The … [+290 chars]
Title: Massive 'gorilla hail' hits parts of Kansas and Missouri as storm threatens tornadoes
Description: Meteorologists issued thunderstorm warnings and tornado watches Wednesday into Thursday. Alex Sosnowski of AccuWeather said some were calling it "gorilla hail" because of its potential to be so big.
Content: ST. LOUIS (AP) Massive chunks of hail pelted parts of Kansas and Missouri on Wednesday night, bringing traffic to a standstill along Interstate 70, as storms unleashed possible tornadoes and meteorol… [+2905 chars]
Title: Today’s best iOS app deals: Raiders of the North Sea, Hyperforma, Unpacking, more
Description: Your Thursday edition of the day’s best iOS game and app deals is ready and waiting down below. Alongside this morning’s App Store offers, we are also tracking deals on the Sonos Move 2 portable speaker with AirPlay 2, Apple’s official iPhone 14/Plus leather …
Content: Your Thursday edition of the days best iOS game and app deals is ready and waiting down below. Alongside this mornings App Store offers, we are also tracking deals on the Sonos Move 2 portable speake… [+2277 chars]
